ladies and gentlemen your host good
evening James Franco and
[Music]
[Applause]
ah this is actually happening okay hello
and welcome to the 83rd Annual Academy
Awards and I must say you look so
beautiful and so hip oh thank you James
yeah you look very appealing to a
younger demographic thank you thank you
so here we are and it's Hollywood's
biggest night and it's very exciting for
both of us because we're both nominated
actually James I'm not nominated today
come on in don't be so modest
no I'm not modest I'm just not nominated
you know right it used to be you get
naked you get nominated not anymore
but enough about me James you are
nominated tonight Best Actor helis are
you nervous no no come on you must want
to win a little bit yeah I don't know I
mean what do you get if you win you get
an Oscar yeah but I li get money with it
no you get prestige well the rest of
your life
everyone will refer to you as Academy
Award winner James Franco what do you
mean everyone like given my mom I'd be
weird if my mom called me a CAD Amir
Award winner James Franco known her a
long time is your mommy your name I
think yes she's somewhere my mom's ha ha
[Applause]
any honey yeah
stand up straight mr. steven spielberg's
here really mom in front of a million
people gonna okay I take I take the note
mommy take them on please sit down
my my grandma's here too
how am i doing grandma
[Music]
I just marked humor
No No
that's actually mark Whalberg Academy
Award nominee yes and and we loved his
film the fighter alright it's been such
a great year for big studio pictures
tiny independent films it's been a great
year for lesbians that's right
not just in general but in movies The
Kids Are Alright lesbians Black Swan
dancing lesbians
20:33 where's the dad tonight we will
honor the great films and talents of the
past year and also occasionally look
back at some of the best movies in Oscar
history